feat: add step removing conflicting hardhat plugins (#245)
matter-labs/zksync-docs: content/00.build/40.tooling/20.hardhat/20.guides/20.migrating-to-zksync.md

    import "@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync";
    ```

3. Remove conflicting plugin imports

   - `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers`: `@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync` includes `hardhat-ethers` extended with with support for ZKsync and non-ZKsync networks.
   - `@openzeppelin/hardhat-upgrades`:  `@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync` includes `hardhat-upgrades` extended with support for ZKsync and non-ZKsync networks.

>    - `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox`: this plugin includes `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers` which can cause conflicts. Import necessary components separately excluding `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox`: this plugin includes `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers` which can cause conflicts. Import necessary components separately excluding `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers`.
   ```js
   // import "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox"
   // import "@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers"
   // import "@openzeppelin/hardhat-upgrades"
   import "@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync"
   ```
```

    import "@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync";
    ```

> 3. Remove conflicting plugin imports
> 
>     - `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers`
>    
>         `@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync` includes hardhat-ethers extended with zksync funcionality.
>       
>     - `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox`
>   
>         `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox` includes conflicting `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers`.
>         Import necessery components separately excluding `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers`.
>       
>     - `@openzeppelin/hardhat-upgrades`
>       
>         `@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync` includes `@openzeppelin/hardhat-upgrades` wrapped for zksync compatibility.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Remove conflicting plugin imports

   - `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers`: `@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync` includes `hardhat-ethers` extended with with support for ZKsync and non-ZKsync networks.
   - `@openzeppelin/hardhat-upgrades`:  `@matterlabs/hardhat-zksync` includes `hardhat-upgrades` extended with support for ZKsync and non-ZKsync networks.
   - `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-toolbox`: this plugin includes `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers` which can cause conflicts. Import necessary components separately excluding `@nomicfoundation/hardhat-ethers`.
```
